hey guys it's CJ from smart Kate I calm
and in this video we're going to
benchmark the motorola droid bionic from
Verizon Wireless it's got a 1 gigahertz
dual-core texas instruments omap 4430
processor and a full gig of ram so let's
see how that holds up through a variety
of benchmarks so first we're going to
run quadrant you guys should be familiar
with this benchmarking utility by now
and it runs fairly quickly so we'll let
it run its course in real time and as a
reminder I always post the benchmark
results in the description of these
videos so be sure to skip ahead to that
if you don't have time to watch the full
video
just about done here last sequence and
the results so let's see what we have
here zoom in on that looks like we're at
2440 not sure if you can see that let
that focus 2004 44 2440 all right not
bad of a score seems pretty similar to
what we got with the droid 3 to make
sense so let's go back home and then
we'll run CF bench now this one takes a
while so I'll let it do its thing and
then come back and show you the results
all right and it looks like it's done
let's go ahead and scroll down here to
the interesting scores these bottom
three right here we have a native score
of nine thousand five hundred and
thirty-five and then we have a java
score of 2631 and overall score of five
thousand three hundred and ninety-two so
that's CF bench go back home and now
let's pull up and 22 I believe that's
how you pronounce it so we'll go to test
and start test
alright and this one's finished as well
so we have a total score of 4931 let's
go ahead and run the multi-touch test
and see how many simultaneous points of
contact we can get let me warn you this
one can recognize many many points here
it's a little hard to do this but as you
can see I can pretty much fit all of my
fingers on there at the same time it
goes a little crazy but you can see a
data points recognizing right there
pretty cool so let's jump back and go to
fill amo this one will test the the web
browser performance kind of a unique
benchmark and we'll let that run its
course this one takes a while so I'll
show you some of it but most likely
fast-forward through a large portion of
it
and we're back as you can see the Droid
Bionic got a score of 687 and last but
not least let's go to neo core this is
the benchmark with all the robots flying
around as much in explosions as well and
some music to go along with it Tokyo
Tower in the background thanks
and we get fifty nine frames per second
once again i'll post all the results in
the description of this video thanks for
watching and if you liked the video
please give it a thumbs up and subscribe
to our youtube channel we'll see you
next time
you